this is Michael Bryce I'm an executive
protection agent I've extracted my
client clean up is required
you might want to call the bomb squad
make it the fire department no Michael
I'm afraid now
have a seat little longer the trial
continues one of the world looks brutal
dictators where they keep witness to
testify I can assure you my mother back
running so therefore that assault
Kincaid is dead you big baby
everything how come I had a job the
transport is in there
what 27 times
that's how many times you tried to kill
me 26 28 I'll be fed Rahman will last
one hour without it
where your husband is you lost my cart
then do you have any idea how stupid
yourself
[Applause]
if you wouldn't mind the gun
oh if I've done
okay country 1 my bad your bad
Oh God
man's killed over 150 people don't fifty
easy